The Leidewang will land the Earth after 3 hours.
Everyone in the world spreads it.
Everyone has different opinion,and I just want to eat a burger.

The space is big,and the life is short.I came from void,and should go back to void.
The only thing which make me remember is the burger in school.
The burger is not big and the bread is dry.I was young and it was little.I ate it:"Wow",very tasty.
But after it,the time for eating is shorter and shorter,want to see the past loving people again but a lot of people between we two.I have waited for many times.

Sadly,I'm not huied where the dream go,only hates the fast.
I don't know since when,the burger's meat has become the hand-made little meat,surely more people-qingwei,less already-made feel.
But it's dry touch feel plus it's dry bread,let me lose the past loving of it,or it can't call that it.

The diner-car near the school gate has updated the burger recently,used the same zuoliao,but like the past,the bread is also dry.
The exam in the morning I was hungry and thirsty,and I bought a burger,then more thirsty.

But the space is big,and who can determine the burger in school?
In fact,anything in the world has it `const val number : Int`,I don't believe the fo,because I believe the god.
May the god who knows anything and can do anything will throw the loving burger,when I am alive, or I am died.

The Leidewang has landed,in the Weiduoliya Port.

No talking.In the xiaoyan,in the noise from the weapons,the world has lost the color.

I have came,because I must.As a new-time good younger,with the historic task and big re-strong task,saving the world,who can do it except me?

But when I stand below the Leidewang,I have realized how small I am.
He was larger than the Freedom Lady Sculpture,even if I have not gone to the America,but I have seen the video.

The Leidewang stopped the step of attacking,see me,and let me give the hand to him.
I can't refuse shaking and can't stop shaking,in fact,he just wants my burger in my hand,seems no matter how high-level you are,you can't keep yourself from the burger.

A bullet has gone through my heart,before dying,I heard the surrounding sound,which tells me work together with the enemy.

Hahaha,is this the renxing?Leidewang,I have started to understand you.
But,suddenly......I really want to eat......a......burger......